And The Last Lecture we had a look at the multi-page application and I finished by telling you that
if you enter a course you are allowed in.
So by entering discourse dashboard something will change before we had different pages for a search
and for overview of course by topic.
Now there is the course dashboard and now watch my refresh.
I can hear if I click on announcement's it doesn't change if I click on course content it doesn't change.
Here we now are in a single page application.
So we even have a single page application here which is part of a multi page application a part of you
to me is a single page application you could say the course dashboard part everything here will happen
without the browser reloading the page.
Even if I start a video there it won't refresh the page it will load that browser window he or they
will load the video player here I should say that go back to dashboard.
Again we're still on the same page we got.
So now we get a much bigger app driving days experience your driving does cause section here.
This is a single page application.
I can switch pages and you do see that your updates announcement's content Q&A.
You see that it updates and still it doesn't load a new page because again we get back one page for
this whole core section by you to me and everything else has now changed dynamically by javascript in
the Eudemus case your Baia angular one app.
This is how we may use it to create a single page application.
And as you see you can mix them with a multi-page application but you can also have clear separations.